Fix a false positive for `Minitest/EmptyLineBeforeAssertionMethods` (#197)
rubocop/rubocop-minitest: changelog/fix_false_positive_for_minitest_empty_line_before_assertion_methods.md

> * [#189](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop-minitest/issues/189): Fix a false positive for `Minitest/EmptyLineBeforeAssertionMethods` whenu sing an assertion method as the first line within a test block([@ryanquanz][])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#189](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop-minitest/issues/189): Fix a false positive for `Minitest/EmptyLineBeforeAssertionMethods` when using an assertion method as the first line within a test block([@ryanquanz][])
```
